Sultan Inniss
Train episode: Throwing weight
So I've been waiting on a train for about 15 mins until it finally showed up. As I'm standing near the steps, something hits the back of my head. As I turn around I see an old man walking down the stairs apologizing, (I didn't truly have a clue about what he was actually saying, but he seemed apologetic #meh), I then looked down to see what actually hit me. 


<!--It was a VHS tape for something related to national geographic. I picked it up and walked to the bottom of the stairs to hand it to the old man. All is well, I ain't mad at ya. #Tupac
Now to the real bread and butter! So this woman/girl/creature/giant/not sexy amazonian, is waiting on the platform for the train same as everyone else.
Before getting on the train her presence meant nothing to me, in fact I'm not sure she was even there. But anyway, as the train pulls up and the doors open, an older man walks into the train with the intention of grabbing a seat, and she does the same.
She's on the left side of the of the man and as they enter the train doors she realizes that there are no seats to her left, but there are some seats to the elder's right. This Savage monster uses her size, looks the man in the eye and tells him to fuck off through her actions. She speeds up to cut the man off and rushes for a seat, she cuts the man off twice in this entire process and they end up sitting across from eachother. I hope she's proud of herself, because she could use the exercise. I wish it was me that she was faced with overpowering, because I probably would have tripped the bitch. It was like watching Mario kart, and bowser using the golden mushroom to boost past toad, and instead of cleanly going past, bowser decides to push toad off the edge of rainbow road.
Maybe this was just another example of survival of the fittest?
So in another part of the train, there's this girl skinny girl with a big booty and she's surrounded by your typical "hood"(because neighborhood is too difficult to say?) dudes. She's essentially being hit on of course, and even I was beginning to think she was attractive based on the shape of her body, not to mention, she was wearing a tight dress that leaves little to imagination (whore? Nah, too soon to judge). Then I saw her face and I looked straight ahead into the abyss that is the walls of the train tunnel. But that leads me to a question I've pondered before..  ðŸ˜ why do some women/girls wear such revealing or tight shit and then respond negatively when they get hit on by the wrong guys?
Sooo.. walking home, stupid fly nearly flies right into me. Isn't it crazy that our eye lids can squash them? ðŸ˜®
2 questions
1. How much force does it take to squash a fly?
2. How much force is generated when we blink our eyelids?--!>