"An Elusive Common Sense"?
Reasoning: I use the word "Elusive" because, not only is it my favorite word, but I feel that true "common sense", in this context, is something that we all feel and think but we don't really understand how it affects us. And more than that, it's something that elusive in the sense that, we seem to have a hard time understanding how to face these inner desires and manifest it in our reality. It many ways, it's like looking into a mirror and although you can touch yourself in the mirror, is that reflection really you? Is that the way you view yourself? or is that the way everyone else views you as well? We live in a world where everything is truly based on perception but do we really understand what that means when we're living in the moment? Are we able to, while in the moment, evaluate the different choices we can make as if we're playing a game where possible answers are available to select from? Or is this like a game where answers are chosen randomly? Could it be based on a table of attributes that will determine the likeliness of certain reactions? And if so, are we capable of changing these attributes so that, in a way, we're controlling our own destiny? Could we all be time travelers that are going through dimensions and the choices we make in our daily life determines which path we take? And in the grand scheme of things, will the understanding of how to take control of ourselves, via reactions and what we put out into the world, be what enables us to control our own "Destiny"? Can Fate, if there's such a thing be changed?
On another note, for all that's been said... outside of this chat box where I can allow my thoughts to overflow and fill with words. Would I be able to do the same with my tongue or would I stumble over my words? Would the thoughts even come to mind as I stare into the the eyes or the people willing or wanting to listen? Is there a "type" of person who is able to do this? or is this something that is within all of us, but we can only manage to output this information as fast as our brains can produce it? At what point does the mind stop being in sync with the mouth? or better yet, is it fear that stops us from being honest with the people around us? I know at times I can appear "weird", but is that such a bad thing when the only thing I really would like to do is be honestly weird with my peers regardless of how others who are struck with fear caused by the thought of another human seeing them at their purest? I understand the need to protect ones self, but at what point does protecting ourselves condemn us to a life of living a lie because what we choose to represent ourselves are nothing but a fragment of who we really are? At the moment, I can't quite think of an analogy to fully embody the point I'm trying to make, but I feel that with time, you'll come to understand where i'm coming from.
boom
